fix(quic-events): typo version_negotiation on *un*-supported version (#356)
quicwg/qlog: draft-ietf-quic-qlog-quic-events.md

6 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. It has Core importance level; see {{Section 9.2 of
QLOG-MAIN}}.

QUIC endpoints each have their own list of QUIC versions they support. The
client uses the most likely version in their first initial. If the server does

> not support that version, it replies with a version_negotiation packet,
> containing supported versions. From this, the client selects a version. The

Reviewer: Not introduced in this PR, but taking the opportunity to fix another nit: The packet is called Version Negotiation packet, according to RFC 8999.

```suggestion
not support that version, it replies with a Version Negotiation packet, which
contains its supported versions. From this, the client selects a version. The
```

Author: Thanks. Today I learned that RFC 9000 is not the first QUIC related RFC.
